---
title: Release Notes - ImageTrans
layout: page
---

### v1.3.5 Update (2021/04/06)

* Language Pair Selector will not appear opening a previous project
* Use the current image's name as the Image Combobox's tooltip

### v1.3.5 (2021/03/30)

* Improve the batch machine translation function. Baidu now supports batch translation.
* Add an Auto Params option to heuristic text localization (experimental).
* Improve global font styles manipulation. It is possible to move them up and down and import styles from other projects.
* Users will be asked to select language upon project creation
* Unify the font color picker
* Improve the undo manager

### v1.3.4 (2021/03/27)

* Resolved issues on GitHub: [#16](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans-docs/issues/16), [#19](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans-docs/issues/19), [#22](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans-docs/issues/22), [#23](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans-docs/issues/23)

### v1.3.3 (2021/03/23)

* Update [ImageTrans_OCR](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans_OCR). Added [ChineseOCR](https://github.com/ouyanghuiyu/chineseocr_lite). It now supports a free combination of different text detection and text recognition methods. The plugin is updated as well.
* Fix an index over items size problem during bulk OCR. [Related issue](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans-docs/issues/6)
* Add OCR interval setting

### v1.3.2 (2021/03/07)

* Scale images too small before OCR
* Localize missed layouts
* New OCR plugin: CRAFT+CRNN. This is based on the new [ImageTrans_OCR project](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans_OCR). It is planned to be a hub of offline OCR engines which have good customizability, accuracy and speed.


### v1.3.1 (2021/02/28)

* New OCR plugin: Naver's Clova OCR.
* Support merging and deleting areas with box selection
* Add an option to auto OCR after box creation
* Add shortcuts to manipulate text areas (move and OCR)
* Offline balloon (bubble) detection which is based on OpenCV's Dnn. Models trained with [DarkNet](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/346021510) or [TensorFlow Object Detection API](https://github.com/opencv/opencv/wiki/TensorFlow-Object-Detection-API) are supported. Model weights and model config files need to be put under the root of ImageTrans along with a model.json file ([example](/assets/model.json)) 
* The text editor can display source text and target text in a vertical mode.

### v1.3.0 (2021/02/10)

* Custom workflow. Batch operations can be customized
* Support importing PDF. PDF files will be rendered to images. Text will be extracted if possible

### v1.2.11

* Fix a target geometry not being correctly saved problem
* Fix a file path problem of Photoshop scripts
* MaskEditor can generate textmask using selected color. Mask can now be set to translucent.
* Support batch machine translation with ColorfulClouds which will significant improve machine translation speed
* It is now possible to set machine translation interval to avoid failed requests due to too many requests in a short period of time (QPS set by MT services) 

### v1.2.10

* New OCR plugin: ABBYY Cloud
* Support spellchecking of OCR results using LanguageTool 

### v1.2.9

* Flip boxes before sorting them if the reading order is right to left
* Add inpaint radius setting in TextRemover
* Add Theme. Currently, there are dark and green themes available.
* Use my personal keys by default for machine translation services like Baidu, Niutrans and Tencent and OCR services like OCRSPACE, Azure and Baidu.

### v1.2.8

* Add Undo Manager
* Use TextFlow as the default Text Renderer. Text will no longer be truncated
* Text size and layout will be the same after percent switching
* Other improvements

### v1.2.7

* Supports running multiple tesseract instances to increase OCR speed
* Save verification for 7 days
* Sogou OCR supports right-to-left text order
* Add Baidu OCR accurate
* Fix Find and Replace problems caused by incorrect box jumping behavior and UI localization

### v1.2.6

* Convert WebP format images to JPG ones for images downloaded with links (using OpenCV) 
* Support stripping furigana in Japanese manga for better ocr results
* Better conversion of vertically displayed Japanese textareas to horizontally displayed ones (rotation and center placement of characters like —)
* Fontstyle Unifying operation
* Textareas generated by OCR will also be expanded

### v1.2.5

* Fix a target geometry setting problem
* Mask Editor can use the cursor to draw a circle or clear a circle
* Add Capital Letter font setting
* Add minimum width/height overlapped percent setting for text localization
* Fix an overlapped box not being added problem
* The Photoshop script supports styles like bold, italic, capitalization and rotation.

### v1.2.4

* Add Chrome Extension support. Visit [here](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans_chrome_extension) to see detailed instructions.
* Mask, text-removed and exported images will no longer be imported
* Fix the incorrect behavior of creating new projects which was caused by the recent projects feature introduced in v1.2.2
* Other improvements

### v1.2.3

* Add Translate after OCR option
* When viewing translated version in non-precise text-removal mode, the text box will be transparent to reveal the source text
* Batch Translation can call balloon detection and scene text detection
* Silent Translator supports font setting
* Add a context menu item to download images from links and add them to the project

### v1.2.2

* Add Silent Translator to support bulk translation, which can be called through command line or run as a [server](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans_Server)
* New OCR plugin: sogou deep intelligence ocr
* Save recent projects path
* Ask if merge boxes if OCR is chosen for Batch translation

### v1.2.1

* Multiple-box dragging 
* Multiple-box alignment
* Add background color, stroke and rotation to global font style
* Add paste image context menu item

### v1.2.0

* If right2left, append text of the latter one first
* Add mask generator and inpaint plugins support. The first plugin of this kind is [Sickzil-Machine](https://github.com/xulihang/SickZil-Machine)
* Add Tesseract's text lines detection
* Add operations like single-image pretranslation and one-click translation (see the imageviewer's contextmenu)
* Replace scene text detection with OCR for Batch Translation (or one-click translation)
* Add minimum font size setting
* Add automatic textarea resize option
* Use checkbox instead of button to view translated pictures
* Search and Replace supports replacing source text
* Other minor improvements

### v1.1.11

* New OCR plugin: [easyOCR](https://www.jaided.ai/easyocr), tencent
* OCR languages list only shows languages OCR engines support
* Save the geometry to target geometry before expanding
* Fix the localization of TabPane

### v1.1.10

* Add machine translation for screen reader
* Remove some third-party libraries

### v1.1.9

* Update OpenCV to 4.5.0
* Support getting text area confidence in offline mode and show progress
* New OCR plugin: WinRT OCR. It uses the built-in OCR API of Windows Runtime on Windows 10. It requires installation of relevant languages on the system
* Some machine translation plugins of BasicCAT are packaged
* UI improvements

### v1.1.8

* Generate mask and text-removed images according to order and show progress
* Inpainting is now asynchronous
* Validate geometry before generating text mask
* Fix a resized mask not matching with the resized image problem
* Add text area action menu to imagescrollpane

### v1.1.7

* Maskeditor can now regenerate mask of selected area and scale images
* Text Remover can remove text in the selected area
* The default text mask color is reset to red
* Add text-removed image editor
* Bugfixes

### v1.1.6

* Save text mask in png format, making cover text mode supports areas which have a black ground
* New action: Duplicate text area

### v1.1.5

* Vertical text engine for CJK (Chinese, Japanese and Korean)
* AutoCorrect (useful for solving the full-width punctuations input problem on macOS)
* Bugfixes

### v1.1.4

* Toolbar has a new tool: Font
* New project and import pictures actions now share the same saved path.
* Better color picking


### v1.1.3

* New plugin: OCR plugin. Code is open source: [github](https://github.com/xulihang/ImageTrans_plugins). PaddleOCR is supported.
* New ocr engine: ABBYY (use ABBYY FineReader's [command line interface](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16385443/abbyy-finereader-exe-looking-for-cmd-commands-to-use-in-other-programms), windows only)
* New tool: Screen Reader. It can be used as a screenshot tool and screen captures can get OCRed immediately. Captures can also be appended to ImageTrans's projects.
* A Toolbar is added to provide more operations like text box splitting, merging and selecting.
* MouseCursors are set correctly for different scenarios.

### v1.1.2

New option to convert vertically aligned Japanese text to horizontally aligned for better OCR results.

### v1.1.1

* Add Batch Translation
* Add text areas detection based on scene text detection
* Save paths for choosing files and folders

### v1.1.0

* Add external inpainter (experimental)
* Add localization support. ImageTrans can now be displayed in two languages: English and Chinese.

### v1.0.1

* More settings
* RichText support
* XLIFF import and export

### v1.0.0

Released.


{% include comments.html %}